OSDOCS#2464: Adjusting assessment of update risks, including force (#66149)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/update-preparing-unrecommended.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * updating/preparing_for_updates/updating-cluster-prepare.adoc

> :_content-type: CONTEXT

Reviewer: I think it should be concept: 

```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
```

Author: Yes, thank you!

[id="update-preparing-unrecommended"]
= Assessing updates that are not recommended 

> Following recommended update guidelines ensures that the update has been tested and validated. Updating clusters by unrecommended paths introduces potential risk, and a successful update becomes less likely. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following recommended update guidelines ensure that the update has been tested and validated. Updating clusters by unrecommended paths introduces potential risks, and a successful update becomes less likely. 
```

Author: Since the following guidelines are not recommended and we're referring to the alternative, I clarified by adding "the" after "following". I agree that sounded weird at first :)
